Speaker 0    00:00:00    She gave me actually not, not 120 days. She, I got it. Um, she, um, what do you call it? Um, she, first class mail, whatever you call it, um, register whatever. Yeah. And it was never, it was like two weeks ago and I'm supposed to have like 120 days and I only have 60 days and that's not really there. I didn't, yeah. I didn't realize that there was a, that there was a, I mean, cuz I've always had trouble with my landlord, so I've never, I mean, so I've always been sort of aware that whenever I've left that there's, that, that anxiety you probably, when you left, first of all, you didn't know you were gonna stay there. Yeah. Second of all, you know, it's like, it all sort of like ends up. I can understand that I can, I can under, because that makes you feel like you're making a choice.  
Speaker 0    00:00:47    Yeah. The cut and everything and yeah. I mean, I don't know if it's worth key. I mean, I'm like, okay, maybe I'm then I'll never be able to go back, you know, but, but that's not true yeah. That you wouldn't ever be able to go back because you know, that, you know, than other possibilities, you know, and I probably did other place to live. I mean, people are still finding like, you know, I know of people that are still finding like lofts in Brooklyn when Williamsburg that are like cheaper, that would be the kind of thing that you might wanna change your living situation. Yeah. It's just letting go problems letting, I mean have had it for so long, you know? No wouldn't but it's yeah. I don't think it's that, you know, it's worth, I mean, you know, a week before I'm saying, thinking to myself, oh, I ever move back to, you know, this New York, I don't wanna live in Brooklyn anymore.  
Speaker 0    00:01:33    <laugh>, you know, this power of thought thing, but otherwise, you know, I'm okay. I just, I think I need some sort of change or something I need to ch you know, either I'm bored or, you know, with what I'm doing, not with what I'm doing. So with art, but with my life that I need some sort of, I need to have some, you know, physical change or visual change because it's, you know, I need Ave just been working. And, um, are you still doing like a set painting to make money? Yeah, I it's been great, but I, I didn't get, I thought I'd have more work this month than I did, so I don't have as much as I would thought I would have. Cause I really wanna buy a laptop and um, I need it really badly. It's like ridiculous now. I mean, I'm doing all this writing and I go, you know, different people's houses and it's just, yeah, it would be, I mean, it's a luxury, definitely, but it's, I definitely could use it.  
Speaker 0    00:02:28    Well, it's a tool it's tool. It's a great tool. Yeah. Um, and how are you? Um, <laugh> how you doing? Let's get caught up on you first. What's going on with Renee. Renee is great. Renee is good. He's um, he's coming with me also and he's where he coming. I'm coming on the 30th of August of August for how long? Three weeks. Oh, he'll be staying with family and stuff like that. Are you gonna be in New York? We're not, no, I'm I'm I won't be in New York until you said we're at we, um, is there no, I said I won't be in Newark. Oh, I said, no, there's not a we, but I'll tell you about that in a minute. <laugh> <laugh> you're not gonna be in New York. I met to be in New York until October Um-huh and uh, so that's yeah. How's the gig out there.  
Speaker 0    00:03:12    Well, okay. It's it's mix it weird. No. Yeah. And no, it's good. It's bad. It's it's weird. It's it's definitely like, first of all, um, like I came, I've been out here for about six weeks now. It's taking me a while to settle in. It's definitely like hot. Oh man. It's horrible. It's so disgusting. I mean, I hear weather reports are there. I'm like, oh geez. I know. And I wake up in the morning and it's overcast and the sun doesn't shine. The thing is in New York city, it might be hot, but at least like the sun is shining. Yeah. Or you'll get like those big, those big city breezes, like coming in off the water. I know the air doesn't even move. Like you're so lucky. And then it moves, like, there'll be a thunderstorm in the afternoon and everybody runs out to try to get some air and it's like, and then it's gone.  
Speaker 0    00:04:08    And then it's like, it's the, the hotter impression. Is there again? Yeah, exactly. And it's like all the steam rising off the ground, but um, okay. So I don't like the weather and I think that, I feel like I'm in the suburbs because I don't have a car and I feel like I need a car to get around to places that I need to get to because things are so sort of scattered around. They're like, it's like being like at McDowell, but without the oh God. But without the, um, you know, the fact that like somebody goes on a daily basis into town or, you know, those kind of things, it's, it's definitely like a, can you get a really cheap one? Well, I'm think a bunch of, yeah, you have. Yeah. I'm thinking about getting a junk mobile. I was thinking about, I wanted to get like a, like a real, like something that I could have for a couple of years or something like that.  
Speaker 0    00:04:54    And I was, and I've been looking around and I haven't really seen it. You <laugh>, I've gotten into this bad habit of remember when I was an undergrad and I used to watch star Trek rerun. Oh, really? All I tell I'm watching star Trek reruns at midnight. Cause there's, that's great. This guy that, that I've gotten to be friends with or a couple people that I've gotten to be friends with, actually they watch star Trek at midnight, like rerun, not the next generation though. Star Trek. That it is well, it's one with captain Bacard. Mm. I don't know which one that is. That's the, yeah, that's the earlier one. I like the new one next generation. That's cool. <laugh> into it. You're so bad. Anyway. So that's why MI um, but, um, anyway, uh, what was I gonna say? Um, so it took me a while to settle in cuz, and, and I'm still not totally settled in.  
Speaker 0    00:05:46    I've started to do, um, some work. I did the first month that I was here. I took a class in digital music. Oh cool. Which is like electronic, you know, like music editing and stuff like that. Oh, that's great. And cuz I've been, you know, working with sound and I'm interested in working more with sound and stuff. And so that was really good. We great. There was a concert at the end of it and I felt pretty good about my contribution to that. Like it wasn't really exactly what I would love, but I felt like that's great. Yeah. So that was, that was good. That was something that, you know, like being here gave me access to, I'm also learning a lot about computers, like, um, like about other things about computers, like about um, you know, how to do email and how to do like emails.  
Speaker 0    00:06:30    Interesting networking. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you get, if you get a laptop and you should also try to get a modem and hook it up to a phone because then you can have, well, I mean, like I had a laptop, I have a, an email address. I don't know who else that you know, has an email address, but it's the kind of thing that I would like, I'm trying to, you get in contact with people. Is it? Yeah. I'm trying to like tell people because it only costs like a local phone call. Like if you, if you call New York, I mean, if you wanted to write somebody in New York, you could like, you could like type it a it's like a fax thing. Yeah. It's but it's better. It's even cheaper than a fax I think because it's uh, and it goes into the computer.  
Speaker 0    00:07:09    It's not like with paper, right? It's not with paper, but it's, it is cheaper because it's, it's the cost of the local phone call. Whereas fax takes the amount of time. No, really agree. You can get access to all, any as any information you really need. I mean, if you needed something about research or whatever. Right, right. This is amazing for me. Yeah. So yeah, like the internet and all that kind of stuff. So that's, that's like, so I'm learning about that. So that's kind of cool. That's great. And um, and then, uh, and I'm supposed to start teaching in September. I'm a little bit nervous about that because I have to still put together, um, like a core syllabus. <laugh> John it's two weeks away. I know. <laugh> I know, I know you can talk about email and stuff like that. Now I'm joking with you, but that that's okay. I'm just joking, but Uhhuh. Okay. Hold on one second. You know what? I have to go to the bathroom. Hold on. Can you bring the song? Can't bring the, into the bathroom. It doesn't stretch. Hold.  
Speaker 0    00:09:45    Hi. Hi. Who's thanks for this call. The university of Pennsylvania. Oh, um, um, so anyway, <laugh> so, um, well, yeah. It's like, I, I, I am a little, I mean, the thing is I've never taught a class. Well, that's not true. I taught the same class in Germany, but it was different. Um, yeah. What about upstate New York? You did it. That was teaching. I was teaching 3d design, which is really different. Cause that was freshmen. These are like graduate students. Oh really? Uh, well that's, that's intense. Well, how many, how often do you see that? I teach twice. It's twice a week since we meet for three hours. And um, so anyway, so that's going on that's so, um, but I mean, it's good. It's weird. Like I've been having, you know, the thing about your saying like about, you know, like giving up the apartment in New York and those kinds of things. I mean, I've been thinking about those kinds of things again also. Yeah. Because you know, I think to myself, like, you know, I could make life easier for myself. I could come to Berlin. I could probably like, you know, make a, you know, you know, get the paperwork in order and make very easily. 
