Speaker 0    00:00:00    Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty good. How about you? Busy, busy, busy. Yeah, I took on some summer courses. I started in may took an English slip for five weeks and I took on psych. And so which I'm finishing up next week. I can't wait. Is it psych like psychology introduction to psychology introduction? Yeah. Soci sociology's a lot of work. Yeah. What kind of sociology? It's just general sociology. Okay. Um, you have do record, write up journal, write up and stuff. Like grab articles on the paper plus specific topics. And I have to write a paper and hand it in by the end of the next week. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, there's a lot of, uh, digging information have to go with it. There's a lot of work to psyche. I just have to say the chapters and my tests and I've got ass on all my test. Good.  
Speaker 0    00:00:40    So we got ACE for that. I know. I hate, I hate research. It's hard. It's very hard. Well, it takes so much time. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and um, I've been working up until like last week. I hurt my back, picking up Shaley. I've work the past two weeks. Oh, you're kidding. So, um, I'm going back Monday though. Thank goodness. Cause I don't have any, do you have to go through any physical therapy or anything? Yeah, I'm doing that now. Cause I, yeah, I went last week and then I went, I'm going three times this week. I see the doctor tomorrow. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so hopefully I'll get a note so I can go back to work on Monday. Cause I have no time to use, you know, for sick time and stuff. Yeah. Cuz you took time when you had your surgery and your knee too, right?  
Speaker 0    00:01:17    Mm-hmm <affirmative> exactly. And I used a lot of it up at that time. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so I have none left whatsoever. I had to use it my last two vacation days cuz they had, they make you do that now for some reason, which is fairly new, which really isn't fair. But what do you mean BEC, because you were out sick or, oh, I've been out all week and I said, I, sick time, you said I have seven hours. And I said, well you gimme me the seven hours of sick and the eight hours of holiday. So I have eight hours worth of pay. That's it? Mm-hmm <affirmative> I said don't use my vacation time. And she told me she had to, and I have like two days left Uhhuh. <affirmative> like 16 hours, which was gonna cover me. So at least a couple days in August.  
Speaker 0    00:01:52    So I wouldn't like go without check. Yeah. But they told me they had to pay me that 16 hours of vacation time, which is mandatory, which I think stinks. Yeah. You know, but just trying to get back to work and back to normal. Yeah. <laugh> I like taking courses in mean I really like it, but I don't like taking summer courses. I don't like two at a time. Yeah. It's so crammed in mm-hmm <affirmative> for five weeks. Yeah. Cause you do, we like two chapters we have to study for tomorrow. I only read one thoroughly and the other one I've gotta read and learn. So we gotta go to the library and basically box myself in like those, those little cubicles and just read it and, and learn it that way. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so I can't really concentrate on them totally away from things. Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:02:34    Like from home the TV's on the other. I could hear it. Right. I be totally isolated. Have just everything block everything out. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's only away from study. Yeah. I mean, I can't a study from what patch Patrick. Cuz I'll I'll read stuff. Yeah. Like I can read a book, but I can't like study and cause I don't, I can't block everything out. Yeah. So you guys are still seeing each other. Yeah. It's it's weird cuz um, a couple days after I wrote too, Mel was really bummed out. Yeah. And we talked and stuff and um, mean, I told him I'd miss him. And I mean, I was crying on the phone. He was crying on the phone mm-hmm <affirmative> cause said he gonna miss me. He said, I miss you already. And it was like, you know, why are we doing this then?  
Speaker 0    00:03:11    Yeah. So I figured we'd um, take more time. Give him some more time and like evaluate like six months, like in October mm-hmm <affirmative> so we've been seeing each other up until, you know, we still haven't been seeing each other, but like I don't like go to family, things of his mm-hmm <affirmative>, which is kind of weird. And I'm like, I wrote him a letter this past week and told him how this is not enough. You know? I said, so you know, this is gonna happen. At some point you have to make a decision either. You want us to be together. You don't. Yeah. You know my feelings and that's just the way it has to be. So this isn't like, it's a new relationship. We've know each other for 10 years and we've gone the good, bad and ugly. Yeah. And we're still here because we love each other.  
Speaker 0    00:03:50    So that should mean something. And that should show you that should be significant somehow. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I think it is. But um, we're gonna talk about some stuff on Friday then we're spending the day together Sunday. Is he working now? No. See he got laid off. Did you know that? I think, I think I'm not sure if he got laid off, he was laid off from grandma died. I think he was. Yeah. I think he was. But um, he was gonna, I don't know he was gonna do something. Was he gotten some money for school? Yeah. So he took um, English camp, which you got an a minus and I believe, cause he really he's a really good writer. Mm-hmm <affirmative> he really writes from his soul. Um, and he's taken all things, anatomy and physiology, which is the toughest thing he could take. I know I don't, he, I don't having a hard time with it, but he is ING his butt.  
Speaker 0    00:04:36    I he's, he's done some, gotten some really good grades and some just mediocre grades. So he's take, he wanted to prove himself he could do it. So he took the hardest thing he had to take forever. Next time he'll just be doing the, a and P of the, um, alcohol abusive person. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so he told me today, he used, got his test back. He probably did really well, but got 68 and he is so ticked because he made some careless errors. He skipped one question and went onto to the next. But then when he wrote the, um, letters in, he put it on that particular one and then we answered that a question the other three were just off cuz they weren't in the right spot. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like the last four, which were right. Which he would've had credit for were wrong because he put in the wrong space.  
Speaker 0    00:05:16    Right, right. And he was really ticked off at himself. Did is that passing? Yeah. 60 eight's passing, you know, D is passing. Yeah. We'll see. There's different scales that people have. Mm-hmm <affirmative> for grades and sometimes, uh, that is, you know, like a, I don't know. I don't remember how it goes, but it's passing, but for some particular programs you have to have at least C are better. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so I was lucky had a B in English lit that was like the first time I written a paper in like eight years. Was that an interesting class? I liked it. Yeah. I didn't like the poetry mm-hmm <affirmative> and having to analyze poetry, but I liked English literature. I liked analyzing stories. Yeah. And I enjoyed that part and that part once I got the hang of it was okay. Yeah. My first paper, I got a C on and I knew the story really well. It was intelligently written, but I didn't like dig into it. And the second paper I gotta B minus and then I didn't really like the author, that story either. I didn't really understand the story so well, yeah. Called a misfit. I didn't like the author of Lana O'Connor  
Speaker 1    00:06:16    Oh, I've heard of them,  
Speaker 0    00:06:18    But I've never read anything. And the third one we did is Hamlet, which I loved, I love Shakespeare. So I had to write a paper  
Speaker 1    00:06:25    On ham, hard to understand. I think it  
Speaker 0    00:06:27    Is. Cause you had to keep going down the footnotes and like learning what the words mean and stuff mm-hmm <affirmative> but we also watched the film, I got the tape, the movie of Mel Gibson and I watched that and I really enjoy that kind of thing. So I wrote a good paper. I made it my little poem at the end of it. <laugh> <laugh> I had a B plus cause I really, I added more to it, you know? Yeah. It was really, it was really well done. I really, and that was the easiest paper for me to write. I don't know if it's, cause I had done two before that or if I just really enjoyed the material I was working on.  
Speaker 1    00:06:55    Yeah. That  
Speaker 0    00:06:56    Helps <laugh>. Cause I got a really good grade in that and I gotta B on the course, but I worked really hard for it and it wasn't easy. Yeah. You know, and then for psych and so I got three A's on my tests for psychology. I'm taking one next tomorrow and then one on, um, next Wednesday with my final grade. Yeah. And then for my midterm, so sociology, I got an a and then, um, I'll take my other final next week. So it's less sociology and a lot of work.  
Speaker 1    00:07:22    You gonna take any more classes  
Speaker 0    00:07:23    After this? Yeah. I'd like to take, um, introduction to art or, or history mm-hmm <affirmative> or take a philosophy and maybe I don't even know if I wanna tackle a Spanish yet.  
Speaker 1    00:07:34    Yeah.  
Speaker 0    00:07:35    I have to have a language, but I don't really know if I wanna do it now.  
Speaker 1    00:07:38    I think I'm gonna take it. Do you guys have tele  
Speaker 0    00:07:40    Courses? Do you know what those are? What are they tele courses?  
Speaker 1    00:07:43    It's like you, you get a video mm-hmm <affirmative> and you just, you know, watch the video at home mm-hmm <affirmative> and you do your own, the reading and the, the work and stuff at home. And then you go in, however, so often they have a schedule set up to the school and take  
Speaker 0    00:07:59    Your test. Oh  
Speaker 1    00:08:00    Really? Like in a testing center, Uhhuh. M I'm gonna try that since I took, you know, a lot of French in high school. Yeah. Thought maybe it wouldn't be too hard. Huh? To do it that way. Wouldn't try really  
Speaker 0    00:08:10    Interesting. Yeah. Cause we did a, um, let's see, <laugh> study evaluation on us. We had to write down a psychology and it turned out that I'm a, uh, what do you call it? Something observer reflective observer. When I study mm-hmm <affirmative> and when I do things, like I like, like sit back and watch and stuff and I, I can be very quiet in the class. I don't really participate a lot in the class mean I pay attention. I'm always there. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't like say a lot of stuff. Yeah. Not in the psychology class. I don't, I just don't feel comfortable with it. Like with the people that are in there. Yeah. So I just, I listen, so I know everything I can, I comprehend everything. I know it. But is  
Speaker 1    00:08:48    There younger students or just, are they most adults?  
Speaker 0    00:08:52    Um, there's a mix there. Some high, the high school kids, like 1920 or old. Yeah. Then there's some married women in there, older woman. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and younger kids. There's a couple of black people in there that sounds about, you know, it's, it's a good mix. Yeah. But it seems like this kid who not saying, oh, I'm not being prejudice based black. And he's like, he's questioning the teachers and stuff. And he thinks like, well, if your father, you know, if that's, if you were told that you were brought up in the house, you'd do what he says, you that's, that's okay to learn that and stuff. And that's okay to do with your kids. And she's trying to teach him that it's not okay to do that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, it's not how you build someone self-respect and doing things like that. It's like couple people I, to argue with her and like <laugh>, I think there's a really ignorant and stupid.  
Speaker 0    00:09:34    Yeah. Well she, like, I should be the teacher. She must do something. Yeah. <laugh> so, um, but it it's good. I mean, it's been interesting. They had a hypnotist come in the other day, but I didn't wanna do it just cause I was very, I was skeptical of it and not really, um, enthusiastic about it. Yeah. I didn't feel comfortable. Like I, I was more interested in watching people around me. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, see if they really kinda like really got into it and I don't know if I would ever do it. I'd be real curious to see whether I could be hypnotized. I don't know if I'd oh, I would be, be afraid or <laugh>. 
