Speaker 0    00:00:00    And they still have this one daughter.  
Speaker 1    00:00:01    Yes. And I think that's probably all cuz um, I think Carl feels like people like me over put like the world <laugh> <laugh> I have three friends now. Really? Yeah. God and  
Speaker 0    00:00:16    Oh boys.  
Speaker 1    00:00:17    Yes. No girls. Oh my gosh.  
Speaker 0    00:00:21    Oh, that's so interesting. And you know, Ja Jasmine and Sophie are taking swimming classes with  
Speaker 1    00:00:26    Winston.  
Speaker 0    00:00:26    Oh are they? And I was. Yeah. And I was thinking of asking him for your address. And I thought, no, he's so forgetful. He'll never remember. It's not worth it. Well,  
Speaker 1    00:00:34    He, he never would. Or he, he, he wouldn't know how to, you know, he would know how to get it. I, I used to him really well, just, just Winston. I know, you know, uh, I used to call him every once in a while, but their niece, like she's, I think she's the oldest of all the, of all the kids. The one who's I don't know if you know much about the family, but the one whose father got killed in Nicaragua. No fighting, but anyway, um, she was living in the house and she's kind of, I don't know. I, I don't know if she would've been this way. She hadn't had all the problems she had in her life, but she's kind of a goofball and she ran up such big bills that I don't think they've had a phone for a whole year because you can't pay him off. But, and I don't know she's gonna living there or not, but I can give you my address. <laugh>  
Speaker 0    00:01:22    Yeah. Does I? Yeah,  
Speaker 1    00:01:24    I was so good. You know how I have your number?  
Speaker 0    00:01:26    I, I was wondering about that. You talked Tona.  
Speaker 1    00:01:29    No, no. Well, I did talk to doya but she didn't give, well, actually she wasn't there. The day I called, I talked to Ralph, but um, the last time I was in Honduras, which is nearing two years, it's gonna be two years in January. Um, I saw your husband as I was leaving the airport and I had my bill filled out and he wrote it on this little cat and my billfold and you know what? I don't have a lot of things, but I still have that  
Speaker 0    00:01:56    <laugh> oh my gosh. I thought, well, I don't  
Speaker 1    00:01:59    Remember. So,  
Speaker 0    00:02:01    And I don't remember him telling me that he  
Speaker 1    00:02:03    Saw you. Oh, he probably spaced it. He was, I think he was in the middle of some kind of work project or something. Maybe picking  
Speaker 0    00:02:09    Out people from peace Corp,  
Speaker 1    00:02:10    Probably somewhere, something like that. Yeah. But Uhhuh, that was right. AF I mean that's a long time ago. That was right after the, um, the change of the government we were down because of that. Huh? So anyway, so  
Speaker 0    00:02:25    Three boys, Barb.  
Speaker 1    00:02:26    Yeah. Wow.  
Speaker 0    00:02:27    My hands are, yeah. Remember you said last time that the doctor said that you had to have a baby cuz of your ovaries or whatever, just to keep everything in order.  
Speaker 1    00:02:35    Well, you went to have a child. I should do it, you know? And so that, oh,  
Speaker 0    00:02:39    That's what it was  
Speaker 1    00:02:39    Pushed me. He said that we don't want you to have a baby if it's gonna create problems. But if you wanna have one, this is the time. And it actually did turn everything around for me. I don't know if it worked that way for everybody, but those hormones kind of took care of the problems I was having. I was starting to have the problem again before, like it was only maybe three months afterwards I got pregnant, but I could already feel the pains and all that. So, wow. I felt so good when I was pregnant. I just felt like it was a miracle. And then really? Oh yeah. And then breastfeeding, those hormones also helped. So I feel just fine. I hope, I hope I never have to deal with endometriosis again, but who knows after three main? Correct. So your first boy is Joel or Noel?  
Speaker 1    00:03:22    Noel, Noel, or Noel? Noel. And he's seven and a half. That's how long ago? That was seven and a half. We haven't seen each other probably. Yeah. In a long time because your other two boys, um, Thomas is three Uhhuh. It's two months in big days, his full name and oh really? Then I have a baby. Who's just gonna turn 10 months. And what's the baby's name? That's Logan. Andre. Oh. Oh, how nice. So you're gonna keep going or, oh, well, I, I, I thought I was done really after Thomas. Not that I think too is the perfect number, but I didn't expect to get pregnant a third time. Like it just kind of, that happened when I was in Honduras last time. <laugh> so I was really, so I was so angry at Oscar that I just knew there was no way that I could ever even think of going to bed with test, you know, so, and that's when it happened.  
Speaker 1    00:04:21    <laugh> but I love my little baby and yeah. And you're still with Oscar, right? That's well, we're still married, but he's doing his own thing like usual. So I pretty much take care of the crew all alone. He calls to see how they're doing and pops in every once in a while. But it's tough. It really is. And his daughter lives here too. She does well, she has since, well, I think they've been here five years now, five years this summer, cuz we were figuring that they could apply for citizenship, both Oscar and Leah. Um, he's 20 and she just turned 18. Now he doesn't live here. Um, he had kind of, well, so it's a long, long story. But um, at one point when I got real irritated with Oscar, everybody in the family insisted that I was an idiot and I should make him take care of his children, which you know, I really believed John laugh was there.  
Speaker 1    00:05:23    I mean, it does make a lot of intellectual sense, I guess mm-hmm <affirmative> but it really, I didn't want to do that to the kids, but I did. And so I sent them to stay with him and then I felt bad about it immediately. And then he wouldn't let him come back. And so it turned into a situation where was really the one that wanted to come back and ask junior and um, decided that living with his father was what he wanted. And Leah's mom used to be him to let her come back and he'd say yes, then he'd up the phone. He say, I never let you go back there. <laugh> so, I mean, it was real stupid. It wasn't really that he wanted her around, but it was just it. I don't know, people do stupid things. So, so they're living with him?  
Speaker 1    00:06:09    No. Um, now how long? Probably two years ago then we, she and I worked it out. Well, I got to attorney from her mom cuz her mom always had custody and she called me one day when there was nobody in the house, but her and I drove and got her and kind of St her back. It was kind of exciting. Oh my God didn't believe that I'd ever do that. Well, I was very exciting actually because <laugh>, I mean I had to drive like two and a half hours. So we, you know, you didn't know at any moment somebody might be coming home. I said, get your stuff ready. And I called her when I got to the corner, you know, it was, it was really something and we just packed the car full. I mean, there wasn't one inches space left and then we just flew out of there and we went to the nearest McDonald's to kind of repack where we could bring anything.  
Speaker 1    00:06:57    Oh my gosh, which funny. And then, you know, he never said a thing about it. You know, he, I know that he knew she was better off here. And she had told me that she almost committed suicide once, but you know, he doesn't even know any of it cuz it's not that he doesn't care about his kids, but he's not really capable of close a father, you know? So what's Leia doing, is she studying or did she already graduate high school? She's gonna be in her last year of high school Uhhuh <affirmative> and she's been with her mom for two months. So she'll be coming back tomorrow. Um, so that's, that's what we have here. And then Oscar junior has in the last year he was, he graduated one year ago from high school and he started going to school in Missouri and then just out of the blue, he told me that he and his buddy wanted to move back to Omaha, go to school here, which is really surprising.  
Speaker 1    00:07:51    And then he was kind of saying that living with his father, wasn't what he, you know, he kind of had his opinion on it. His head changed, but they wanted to live an apartment. They didn't wanna burden me anymore were his words. But you know, I knows they weren't, they were on freedom, which is great. They're 20, you know? So they just moved in about oh four blocks, maybe farther about a mile from us. They live and that's gonna be really, I, health is gonna be nice. His buddy is here actually. And Oscar is finishing some work that he was doing and then he's coming up something next week. But that, that's kind of in a nutshell <laugh> wow. Things that have been going on and I, well, that's interesting. Are you working or are you teaching? Oh yes. Well, I don't think, um, I let's see when I came back, I, I taught adult basic education because it was really hard to get a job in home EC, which is probably still that way.  
Speaker 1    00:08:48    And I went for my master's in counseling and Uhhuh <affirmative> actually, I was asked to come back and be a counselor at the American school. Matt was the year I was pregnant with Noel and I was really torn. I didn't know what to do, but my doctor didn't want me to go back to hunters because I'd been so sick before he felt that I really needed, we didn't know how the pregnancy was gonna go, but I, I feel like I really, I mean, I wasn't really paying that much attention to what he said, but that did influence a little bit. So I didn't go. And uh, let's see, what would I, I guess I was working part-time that year doing part-time counseling jobs. And then that next year I had two, well, I had one offer that I had to take. The other one was we were waiting for principal to come back.  
Speaker 1    00:09:36    Um, but I ended up, I wanted to go into high school counseling, but I couldn't because the principal was out on this boat, they told me and he tried to make the decision is like, I need this need to know fast cuz I'm pregnant and I cannot, you know, risk losing a job. So I ended up working in community college, which wasn't what I wanted at the time. But as it's turned out, it probably was the best. Um, and I like it real well. I, I was my counsel for about five years and now I'm in administration. Um, oh, great. 
