Speaker 0    00:00:00    I don't think you gave me an address. So I might not have not have had one then. Right. I didn't get it right at first. So, so when did you get there? I started work August 1st. So what's today, the night 20th or something? Uhhuh <affirmative> the 20th. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and I ride into Detroit just the night before I started work. So I'd been here just three weeks. It'll be three weeks, Tuesday. So I started work and, um, so I worked in the office for a week and a half, and then we had our orientation for the new volunteers Uhhuh. And that was out in Western, Michigan on lake Michigan, about four hours from here. So I went up there, spent a week, almost a week. Um, did you take your car? Did you drive there? I drove up here. Yeah. From, yep. Wow. It took a couple days.  
Speaker 0    00:00:43    I mean, it would've been maybe 14 or 15 hours. I didn't wanna do it all Monday. So I broke, stopped in Wisconsin at a friend's house. So, so anyway, we have 56 new volunteers that are oriented and off, they left for their new homes on Thursday and we came back to Detroit. So how many of you are there on staff? Right? There's five of us on staff, the director, three area directors. And then I don't know what Kate, Kate is, the woman I'm living with. I'm not sure what a position is called. It's kind of like development and helps the director with fundraising. I'm I'm not sure which special in the directors in Detroit. Yeah. We're all in Detroit, but the area directors, um, travel to the cities, but the volunteers are in and, um, you know, meet with the communities and stuff like that.  
Speaker 0    00:01:32    What's your area. Then I go to Kansas city St. Louis, Des Moines, and then I also have the community here in Detroit. Oh, that's cool. So yeah. Oh, stomp ground. <laugh> I know it's so you have to go so many times during the year or I go, I go once in the fall for a week to each city and then once in the spring, so, well, late winter, I guess. Um, so when I go in October, I go first to Kansas city then to St. Louis. Then I come back to Detroit and we have our, um, our fall retreat is in Dubuque, Iowa. So that's in the middle of my area visits. And then, then I go to, then I do my Detroit area visit. Then I go to Des Moines, but the way it works out for Kansas city in St. Louis, I go to Kansas city and at the end of the week, it's my birthday.  
Speaker 0    00:02:15    Mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I spend the morning of my birthday with Alyssa and then I fly to St. Louis and spend, you know, the afternoon with Chris or Lou or whoever I hook up with in St. Louis mm-hmm <affirmative>. So I'm like, wow. That worked out for that's cool. Yeah. So, so it sounds like you're gonna be gone a lot. Yeah. From October 6th through, through Thanksgiving, I'm here, like, I don't know, 10 days or something like, oh, really? That, um, are you gonna go home for Thanksgiving? I don't know yet. Um, I'm going home in September for just a three day weekend or something like that. Um, cuz September is pretty much the, one of the slowest months on the job. So, and I haven't been to Texas in a while, so I thought that would work out.  
Speaker 1    00:02:58    And um, then at Christmas time, I think two of my, well, one of my cousins, um, is getting married near Kansas city and I'm hoping my family will just come up to Kansas for that mm-hmm <affirmative> and then I'll go there and see them. So I don't know about Thanksgiving yet. It's too far away <laugh> to figure out. So anyway, I will be, oh gosh, are you happy? Yeah, I am. I, it was really hard to make the decision. I actually, at one point decided, no, I'm not gonna go. I, I just I'm like, I don't think I wanna start over again. And mm-hmm, <affirmative>, I'm, I'm liking being an Omaha and all that sort of thing. And so I called and, and told the director, you know, I thought about it a lot, blah, blah, blah. But I just don't think it's right for me right now.  
Speaker 1    00:03:46    And mm-hmm <affirmative> he was like, I don't know him very well, but, uh, he, he had strep throat when I was here. He wasn't feeling well like, well, okay. And uh, later that morning, Kate called me at work. Um, in Omaha I'm like, Kate, are you calling to make this really hard on me? Yeah. She's like, we just want you to think about one more thing. And the job is supposed to be a, a two year commitment Uhhuh, but, and that was kind of like one of the things that I'm thinking, I don't know about doing a two year commitment and you know, all this sort of things that it was too long or that it was too short. Well, no, I mean, it could be longer, so it's not like it was too short. It was just right. You know, I don't know. I don't know what I was thinking, but anyway, so they're like, what if it was just a one year commitment?  
Speaker 1    00:04:29    And I said, well, I'll think about it kind of threw me off. And then I, I called later and I asked the director if, um, I said, well, would you be willing to a first year? Um, area director makes 17,000 and a second year area director makes 18501st year, you get three weeks vacation, second year, you get four weeks. And I said, well, would you be willing to hire me as if I was coming in at a second year, um, at 18 five with four weeks of vacation. And he said, yeah, he, he would be willing to do that. Wow. That's a lot of vacation. Yeah, it is. Which is wonderful. <laugh>, that's great. And that's more important to me than money, so, right. Yeah. So we take, we get the whole week from Christmas to new year. That's one of our weeks of vacation.  
Speaker 1    00:05:11    So it's only mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, in addition to that. So, so anyway, and the rest, you can take pretty much when you want, I mean, you work it around your schedule. Yeah. You gotta work on your schedule, which is in, in, you know, summer's not a really good time to take it because you're ending one year and starting the next year and you know, doing a lot with the volunteers coming in mm-hmm <affirmative> so I'll probably try to take most of it before next summer, mostly mm-hmm <affirmative> um, so I, I thought about it that day. I ended up calling back and saying, okay, I'm coming to Detroit. So it's been really good since I, I actually, I made the decision that I thought, oh God, what am I doing? You know, I, I just was still unsure about it, but within a couple days, I just felt really at peace with it and remained. So throughout the time that I prepared to leave and then ever since I've been  
Speaker 2    00:05:56    Here, I keep thinking, okay, why am I so okay with this, I'm gonna be falling apart any minute. Right. You know? Cause I used to transition hitting me a little bit harder, especially when I was so ambivalent about the decision, but, um, I don't know. It's been great. Great. So yeah. Right. Don't question it <laugh>. Yeah, it that's what I said finally. Um, I was telling somebody, somebody like, but how you doing? I said, well, I, I'm fine. You know, I keep wondering how long that's not last, I'm fine. What's wrong with me. And then finally I'm like, you know, I am just gonna be okay. That I'm okay. And if I'm not okay later, that's fine. But right now I'm okay. I have to stop wondering what that's gonna end. So, so that's kind of where I've been. So tell me about New York. I got your postcard.  
Speaker 2    00:06:39    Oh, New York was, was really fun. Um, I, I love the city. It was, yeah. I don't know. I didn't expect to enjoy the city so much. You had been there before though, hadn't you? No, just really briefly. I went to long island for a friend's wedding and Katie and I, my house for Morgan went together and we, we took a train into the city, a cab to the metropolitan museum of art, ran around there for an hour and a half, took a cab back and then the train back to long island island. So that was it. That's all we saw. Um, and I liked that, but it just, it didn't even feel like I had actually been in the city, you know, mm-hmm <affirmative> so, um, so this was more like, you know, we did a lot of the, the touristy stuff and watching the Brooklyn bridge and mm-hmm, <affirmative> took the fiery and, um, watched in central park and went to a show and all that sort of stuff.  
Speaker 2    00:07:28    So it was really fun. Um, and we also went out to the long island where Joe's mom was Uhhuh and spent time with the whole family <laugh>, which was okay. It was good. At first, when we had, were planning the trip, he had, he's like, oh, I hope we can go out and, you know, go to the beach and you can meet my, my brother and my nieces and nephew. He's got four brothers, three brothers, um, two of 'em live on Rhode Island. You know, I meet my brothers on my nieces and nephews and I'm like, um, I don't know, Joe, I don't. I thought, I, I think maybe we need time just to kind of figure out where our relationship is before mm-hmm, <affirmative>, it's not that I don't wanna meet your family. It's just, I don't know. It's a lot, you know, his mom too, and I think she's a little bit leery of this whole relationship based on what happened in the past, you know, mm-hmm <affirmative> and I heard her son and all that sort of thing.  
Speaker 2    00:08:15    I'm like, I just don't know if I'm ready for that. And so, but if, if we ended up happening that it was his brother's birthday and we were out there to go to the beach and so I'm like, okay, we can, you know, I can handle this. And, uh, it was very nice actually. So that was fine. And, uh, so where did things end up? Oh, I don't know, Vic. Um, it was really fun and I mean, in some ways, Joe, somebody I've known a long time and I know pretty well, but in other ways, like this is a whole new relationship mm-hmm <affirmative> so it's, it's kind of weird to walk that balance. Like, well, you know, one minute we're talking seriously. Like where would we live if we wanted to be together? I,  
Speaker 3    00:08:55    You know, I'm like, wait a minute. I can't believe we're talking about this. What is he doing now? He's in his last year of graduate school at Columbia university. He's getting his master's in public administration, Uhhuh <affirmative> and he's been working with this man. Who's starting a new nonprofit organization. Um, he worked with him last summer and the summer, and probably will work with him during the school year, beyond that. I don't, he doesn't know what he's gonna do, you know, but it's, you know, it's kind of hard because kind of open, he might want, I mean, chances are really good that he'll wanna stay in New York or at least on the east coast, you know? Right. Kind of interest in politics. So DC would be an option. And I don't know, it's just hard because that's not really where I am at, but I mean, we're both sort of like, we don't know where life is taking us and it's hard to start a relationship when yeah. So what do we do, you know, do we make decisions based on each other? I mean, just the second week, can we see each other? So he's coming here over labor day, weekend mm-hmm <affirmative> and then, because my schedule gets so crazy, starting in the middle of October, I'm going to go go there the first weekend of October, that was kind of hard for us to decide, you know, he hasn't even been here yet. I haven't seen him since 4th of July weekend and, and we decided, well, you know, let's. 
